very good to all young people we are in a
new video I will make a paco by putting
a million you already know that I do not
make videos like that just by making a
pack opening but good these days I'm
a bit worse time and I say good then
that the barclays have left
Well let's take advantage and we will open
a million is worth to see what I got yesterday
there would be something at night is worth and good
they touched balls and de gea and this man is
I'm going to teach now an extract of how
gea touched me because it's pretty
curious
everything both so much so much but down
everything all everything all everything
barceló I'm up here also a whole
both of them
by melo
discard or arbeloa
92 on average
the power to leave it to me nothing said
let's see if he plays something I'll go
leaving the envelopes in the commented what
I do if you touch something leave your wing
you already know that if you want coins
take advantage of you have the description one
totally reliable page where I
I always buy it and they give you discounts
and you put my stream code or if you do not know
how it works then you have in the
description a link to be able to know
how is we go a tutorial I want to say
that I'm awakened now and I'm
asleep you have my tweet channel where
I do a lot of direct
It's worth it if you do not know and my channel
secondary -where I summarize his direct
gta of everything a bit of fifa so nothing
people are going there to a freezer to see
what's up brother to see what it is to see
what everything to see what it is they call me the
verdure seal idiot and so from that
my mouth touches me young I am like the
rapping god of time does not touch anything
You fuck me, it's always my turn to be physically
but I come rapping brother I am already a
cynical because sometimes I exaggerate but that
run hitting brother a boy buys you
he praised I come and I despair I'm not going to
earth but if I'm doing this you know
that I have the dedication of Lujan seems like a
witch I can do it brother this normal
that crosses you and I keep opening it touches me a
I come rapping stadium comes to me in
the radio opens this touch me a blue dot
cabron I come rapping brother I do not give you
Another option to see what touches me is the
I come dancing rapero brother I
despair you know that I do it
your face says to read but the cowboy
not for nothing before I discard all three
I can do a thousand coins, they call me the
montgó what you expect
I keep rapping to see what comes out of my mother
brothers I break the vowels I do not want
that skips the copyright with this base is
normal that I throw laser beams touches me
an uncle that I do not even know how to pronounce
you touch me nothing to jazz because I'm going to
denounce denounced them and incidentally
They eat the foreskin then they kill us with
the fucking female league ads are
rumored I am the chicken
go nonsense if it does not exist I am a joke
You insist and persist already resist as
resist
I am ready I am disco she insist
I come back I am a village pig
but I come rapping brother you know that you
I want the brain, it's my show
but it is a tongo like mayweather
with pacquiao peace fell according to the savior
I win this battle I have more
guts and the base is over so let's go
to continue opening now playing je
we go
ratan tata tata tata second everything is
there we are this has to be good uncle
another adriano work fucking bitch uncle
level is called as I matter
anderson let 's just putting face
subnormal
efe I swear to you that there could be
subnormal face good the one that I have
always but more
good
we're going as well as I already played on xbox in
my main account and now it's my turn here
there is this water alcor uncle everything
terry terry 90 on average that does not run or
a shit over fuck 90 half what i
I would like you to leave me in the
comments that is the best thing that has
touched gamers know by curiosity
just so let me write there
to death that is what has touched you
I want everyone to put it all
let's go again from gea let's go fucking
crazy mother let's fuck what the fuck
let's give the club that someone else was selling
this waning
or two and let's go we're not worth much but
good is yesterday it touched me for good
I was going to open the last envelope and thanks
for all who happen to let
I like you and nothing people are going to
see if I have something to say to fire
and put me the comments that have been
touched looking to say goodbye mother of mine
LOL
all deal takes to say goodbye to whore
mother uncle goes what I want so for
the club of bitch mother uncle brief see if
I make myself an equipillo with what is
playing so nothing many gamers
thanks for passing you I love you so much
word we have the next day saturday
so that the draw
we are more than two the video ends already
I'm looking forward to a new one
play minecraft to stop those inmates
If you want to see the best ones that fell
over 15 change channel that ends
has made a parody skin until the
you take seriously so the laughs I like
all blondes all not the fortune teller is
different and it may be that the best day
of the week until the
Friday if you do direct words